What do you wish your brain was better at doing?
There are two types of people in this world. What are the two types?
What is the strangest thing you have come across?
What is something you are certain you'll never experience?
What dumb accomplishment are you most proud of?
If you could make one rule that everyone had to follow, what rule would you make?
What are you addicted to?
What stereotype do you completely live up to?
What is something you can never seem to finish?
As you get older, what are you becoming more and more afraid of?
What is one of your favorite smells?
What would be the scariest monster you could imagine?
What song or artist do you like but rarely admit to liking?
What would you do if you knew you were going to die in one hour?
What book impacted you the most?
If you had to change your name, what would you change it to?
If life is a game, like some people say, what are some of the rules?
Who is / was your most interesting friend?
Have you ever given to any charities?
What is something that your friends would consider "so you"?
What risks are worth taking?
What can you not get right, no matter how many times you try?
If you could convince everyone in the world to do one thing at one point in time, what would that thing be?
What do you take for granted?
What would be some of the most annoying things about having yourself as a roommate?
What's something you are self-conscious about?
What personality trait do you value most and which do you dislike the most?
What small gesture from a stranger made a big impact on you?
What gets you fired up?
What challenging thing are you working through these days?
What irrational fear do you have?
If you had a clock that would countdown to any one event of your choosing, what event would you want it to countdown to?
What makes a good life?
What do you strongly suspect but have no proof of?
What's the last adventure you went on?
When do you feel truly "alive"?
What was the most memorable gift you've received?
What chapters would you separate your autobiography into?
What do you like most about your family?
What do you hope your last words will be?
What stat for your life would you most like to see?
What are three of the most significant numbers in your life?
What could you do with two million dollars to impact the most amount of people?
If you were put into solitary confinement for six months, what would you do to stay sane?
What's something horrible that everyone should try at least once?
What fact are your resigned to?
Have you ever saved someone's life?
What were some of the turning points in your life?
What would a mirror opposite of yourself be like?
What are you really good at, but kind of embarrassed that you are good at it?
What are three interesting facts about you?
Which of your scars has the best story behind it?
What's the title of the current chapter of your life?
What's the hardest lesson you've learned?
What mistake do you keep making again and again?
What do people think is weird about you?
When people look at you, what do you think they see / think?
What have you created that you are most proud of?
If you could make a 20 second phone call to yourself at any point in your life present or future, when would you call and what would you say?
What annoys you most about the in-groups you are a part of?
What do you have doubts about?
What do you want to be remembered for?
What are some of your personal "rules" that you never break?
What do you regret not doing or starting when you were younger?
If you could have a never-ending candle that smelled like anything you wanted, what fragrance would you want it to be?
What's the best thing about you?
What bends your mind every time you think about it?
What's the best thing you got from your parents?
What's one responsibility you really wish you didn't have?
What is the "holy grail" of your life?
If your childhood had a smell, what would it be?
What are the top three things you want to accomplish before you die? How close are you to accomplishing them?
What do you wish you could tell yourself 10 years ago? What do you think you'll want to tell your current self 10 years from now?
In your group of friends, what role do you play?
Among your friends or family, what are you famous for?
What is the biggest lesson you never learned?
What's the most immature thing that you do?
If your life was a book, what would its title be?
What's the best and worst thing about getting older?
What's something that happened or something that someone said that changed how you view the world?
What are you most likely very wrong about?
If you had a personal flag, what would be on it?
What lifestyle change have you been meaning to make for a while now?
What would be your spirit animal?
What incredibly strong opinion or belief do you have that is completely unimportant in the grand scheme of things?
What chance encounter changed your life forever?
If you could have a video of any one event in your life, what event would you choose?
If you were forced to relive one 10-minute block of your life again and again for all eternity, what 10 minutes of your life would you choose?
How do you hope you'll change as a person in the future?
What keeps you up at night?
What's the most surprising self-realization you've had?
What's the most illegal thing you've done?
What lie do you tell most often?
What do you regret not doing?
What gives your life meaning?
What do you most often look down on people for? What do you think other people look down on you for?
What bridges do you not regret burning?
What are you most insecure about?
How do you get in the way of your own success?
What's one thing you did that you really wish you could go back and undo?
What are you afraid people see when they look at you?
Do you like or dislike surprises? 
In the evening, would you rather play a game, visit a relative, watch a movie, or read?
Would you rather vacation in Hawaii or Alaska?
Would you rather win the lottery or work at the perfect job? 
Who would you want to be stranded with on a deserted island?
If money was no object, what would you do all day?
If you could go back in time, what year would you travel to?
How would your friends describe you?
What are your hobbies?
What is the best gift you have been given?
What is the worst gift you have received?
Aside from necessities, what one thing could you not go a day without?
What's your biggest pet peeves?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
If you were a superhero, what powers would you have?
What would you do if you won the lottery?
What form of public transportation do you prefer? (air, boat, train, bus, car, etc.)
What's your favorite zoo animal?
If you could go back in time to change one thing, what would it be?
If you could share a meal with any 4 individuals, living or dead, who would they be?
How many pillows do you sleep with?
What's the longest you've gone without sleep?
What's the tallest building you've been to the top in?
Would you rather trade intelligence for looks or looks for intelligence?
How often do you buy clothes?
Have you ever had a secret admirer?
What's your favorite holiday?
What's the most daring thing you've ever done?
What was the last thing you recorded on TV?
What was the last book you read?
What's your favorite type of foreign food?
Are you a clean or messy person?
Who would you want to play you in a movie of your life?
How long does it take you to get ready in the morning?
What kitchen appliance do you use every day?
What's your favorite fast food chain?
What's your favorite family recipe?
Do you love or hate roller coasters?
What's your favorite family tradition?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
What's your favorite movie?
How old were you when you learned Santa wasn't real? How did you find out?
Is your glass half full or half empty?
What's the craziest thing you’ve done in the name of love?
What three items would you take with you on a deserted island?
What was your favorite subject in school?
What's the most unusual thing you've ever eaten?
Do you collect anything?
Is there anything you wished would come back into fashion?
Are you an introvert or an extrovert?
Which of the five senses would you say is your strongest?
Have you ever had a surprise party? (that was an actual surprise)
Are you related or distantly related to anyone famous?
What do you do to keep fit?
Does your family have a “motto” – spoken or unspoken?
If you were ruler of your own country what would be the first law you would introduce?
Who was your favorite teacher in school?
What three things do you think of the most each day?
If you had a warning label, what would yours say?
What song would you say best sums you up?
What celebrity would you like to meet at Starbucks for a cup of coffee?
Please keep typing every ten seconds to indicate that you're still here!